In this module,
you learned authorization in depth starting at the page
level with Spring Security tag library followed by the URL
in the configuration class,
then method level with the pre and post authorize and filter annotations,
and finally ending at the domain with the
hasPermission expression and Spring ACL.
This concludes the module and the course for Spring Security.
If you have been following the course from the start, well done.
You are now able to effectively layer your authorization and
authentication with Spring Security to tackle a lot of the common security challenges faced by modern web applications.